# Meeting 31-August-2021

## Attendees 

- Pablo
- Jorge
- Guillermo
- Dani
- Labra

## Done
- We already have a working prototype: [http://scholia-prod.hpc.weso.es:8100](http://scholia-prod.hpc.weso.es:8100)
- Labra/Guillermo: Working on Spark/ShEx traversal based creation of subsets
- Talking about the sprint.
    - Should we add issues related with our work this summer?
    - Which of the existing issues could we work on?

## Tasks
- Jorge: Experimental work on adding information about continents.
    - Open an issue in Weso-scholia about continents
    - Deploy
- Pablo: Explore the possibility of sending compressed Json's
    - Open an issue about this possibility in weso-scholia
- Continue with report
    - Add metrics about time taken in responses
